README.md, before:

# Open Source Python Template
This is an advanced template for designing and developing Python projects with CI/CD. This template serves as a foundation and includes features for build management, unit testing, continuous integration, static analysis, code style adherence, and component specification. 

The details of this template are listed below: 
The programming language: Python
Testing Framework: Pytest
Continuous Integration Solution: CircleCI
Static Analysis Tools: Ruff, Flake8, MyPy
Code Formatting Solution: TBD 
Package/Dependency Manager: PDM (Python Dependency Management)

## Initial Setup
Install PDM as package and dependency manager:

    pip install pdm

Install initial dependencies:

    pdm install --dev
To update dependencies, run the following:

    pdm update

## Using Features
To use mypy, run the following:

    pdm run mypy <filename>

To use ruff, run the following: 

    pdm run ruff <filename>

To use pytest, run the following:

    pdm run pytest tests/test_addition.py

To run the application, run the following: 

    pdm run src/main.py

## Contributors - Team Glaceon
- Yifei Zhuang
- Fan Yang
- Bowen Gong
- Yanglin Tao
- Winnie Zheng
- Kaining Mao

Commit message:

Modify config.yaml and README

README.md, after:

# Open Source Python Template

This is an advanced template for designing and developing Python projects with CI/CD. This template serves as a foundation and includes features for build management, unit testing, continuous integration, static analysis, code style adherence, and component specification.

The details of this template are listed below:
The programming language: Python
Testing Framework: Pytest
Continuous Integration Solution: CircleCI
Static Analysis Tools: Ruff, Flake8, MyPy
Code Formatting Solution: TBD
Package/Dependency Manager: PDM (Python Dependency Management)

## Initial Setup

Install PDM as package and dependency manager:

    pip install pdm

Install initial dependencies:

    pdm install --dev

To update dependencies, run the following:

    pdm update

## Using Features

To use mypy, run the following:

    pdm run mypy <filename>

To use ruff, run the following:

    pdm run ruff <filename>

To use pytest, run the following:

    pdm run pytest tests/test_addition.py

To run the application, run the following:

    pdm run src/main.py

## Continuous Integration with CircleCI

This project is configured to use CircleCI for continuous integration. Every push to the repository triggers automated tests and checks to ensure code quality and functionality.

To see the status of your build, visit the CircleCI dashboard. There, you can view the progress and results of the build tests, static analysis, and more for your latest commits.

If you need to customize the build process, modify the `.circleci/config.yml` file according to your needs. For detailed instructions, refer to the [CircleCI Configuration Reference](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/configuration-reference/).

## Contributors - Team Glaceon

- Yifei Zhuang
- Fan Yang
- Bowen Gong
- Yanglin Tao
- Winnie Zheng
- Kaining Mao
